ABCC8	GOF	inhibitor	Chlorpropamide	[SEP]We therefore hypothesized that activating mutations in the ABCC8 gene , which encodes SUR1 , might cause neonatal diabetes . 
ABCC8	GOF	inhibitor	Glipizide	[SEP]We therefore hypothesized that activating mutations in the ABCC8 gene , which encodes SUR1 , might cause neonatal diabetes . 
ABCC8	GOF	inhibitor	Gliquidone	[SEP]We therefore hypothesized that activating mutations in the ABCC8 gene , which encodes SUR1 , might cause neonatal diabetes . 
ABCC8	GOF	inhibitor	Mitiglinide	[SEP]We therefore hypothesized that activating mutations in the ABCC8 gene , which encodes SUR1 , might cause neonatal diabetes . 
ABCC8	GOF	inhibitor	Nateglinide	[SEP]We therefore hypothesized that activating mutations in the ABCC8 gene , which encodes SUR1 , might cause neonatal diabetes . 
ABCC8	GOF	inhibitor	Repaglinide	[SEP]We therefore hypothesized that activating mutations in the ABCC8 gene , which encodes SUR1 , might cause neonatal diabetes . 
ABCC8	GOF	inhibitor	Tolbutamide	[SEP]We therefore hypothesized that activating mutations in the ABCC8 gene , which encodes SUR1 , might cause neonatal diabetes . 
ABCC8	LOF	inducer	Glimepiride	[SEP]Homozygous loss of function mutations in ABCC8 and GALK1 were found , which explained the patient 's CHI and galactokinase deficiency , respectively . 
ABCC8	LOF	inducer	Glimepiride	[SEP]Loss of function mutations in ABCC8/KCNJ11 lead to the most severe forms of CHI which are usually medically unresponsive . 
ABCC8	LOF	inducer	Glimepiride	[SEP]The focal form of FHI ( pancreatic adenomatous hyperplasia that involves a limited region of the pancreas ) , caused by biallelic mutations of ABCC8 or KCNJ11 , is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner , but only manifests when the mutation occurs on the paternally derived allele and a somatic event results in the loss of the maternal allele in a beta cell precursor . 
ABCC8	LOF	inducer	Glimepiride	[SEP]The most severe forms of HH are due to loss of function mutations in ABCC8/KCNJ11 which encode the SUR1 and KIR6.2 components respectively of the pancreatic b-cell K ( ATP ) channel . 
ALDH5A1	GOF	inhibitor	Chlormerodrin	[SEP]The diagnosis of SSADH deficiency was confirmed by an increase in 4-hydroxybutyric acid and heteroallelic mutation in the ALDH5A1 gene . 
ALDH5A1	GOF	inhibitor	Chlormerodrin	[SEP]The diagnosis of succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency was confirmed by increased level of y-hydroxybutyric acid in urine and novel compound heterozygous mutations in the ALDH5A1 gene . 
ALDH5A1	GOF	inhibitor	Succinic acid	[SEP]The diagnosis of SSADH deficiency was confirmed by an increase in 4-hydroxybutyric acid and heteroallelic mutation in the ALDH5A1 gene . 
ALDH5A1	GOF	inhibitor	Succinic acid	[SEP]The diagnosis of succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency was confirmed by increased level of y-hydroxybutyric acid in urine and novel compound heterozygous mutations in the ALDH5A1 gene . 
ALDH5A1	GOF	inhibitor	Valproic Acid	[SEP]The diagnosis of SSADH deficiency was confirmed by an increase in 4-hydroxybutyric acid and heteroallelic mutation in the ALDH5A1 gene . 
ALDH5A1	GOF	inhibitor	Valproic Acid	[SEP]The diagnosis of succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency was confirmed by increased level of y-hydroxybutyric acid in urine and novel compound heterozygous mutations in the ALDH5A1 gene . 
APP	GOF	aggregation inhibitor	Copper	[SEP]UNASSIGNED : Several Alzheimer model mice carrying transgenic amyloid precursor protein ( APP ) with the Swedish mutation have been reported to exhibit spontaneous seizures and/or increased epileptiform EEG activity . 
AR	LOF	agonist	Drostanolone	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : The identified mutation is responsible for ADCME , as the loss of a2B -AR/spinophilin interaction causes a gain of function effect . 
AR	LOF	agonist	Fluoxymesterone	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : The identified mutation is responsible for ADCME , as the loss of a2B -AR/spinophilin interaction causes a gain of function effect . 
AR	LOF	agonist	Prasterone	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : The identified mutation is responsible for ADCME , as the loss of a2B -AR/spinophilin interaction causes a gain of function effect . 
AR	LOF	partial agonist	Norgestimate	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : The identified mutation is responsible for ADCME , as the loss of a2B -AR/spinophilin interaction causes a gain of function effect . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Atosiban	[SEP]A water load test demonstrated an inability to dilute urine and gene sequencing confirmed a recurrent activating mutation in < i > AVPR2 < /i > . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Atosiban	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : We herein report a case of a genetic fluid balance disorder due to an activating mutation of AVPR2 . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Atosiban	[SEP]In nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis ( NSIAD ) , fluid retention is due to a gain-of-function mutation in the arginine vasopressin receptor 2 ( AVPR2 ) gene leading to low arginine vasopressin levels . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Atosiban	[SEP]Learning points : Activating mutations in the < i > AVPR2 < /i > gene are associated with the rare X-linked condition nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis.NSIAD is associated with hyponatremia , decreased serum osmolality and inappropriately increased urinary osmolality . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Atosiban	[SEP]Nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis ( NSIAD ) is an X-linked disorder caused by activating mutations in arginine vasopressin receptor 2 ( AVPR2 ) , resulting in persistently concentrated urine . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Conivaptan	[SEP]A water load test demonstrated an inability to dilute urine and gene sequencing confirmed a recurrent activating mutation in < i > AVPR2 < /i > . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Conivaptan	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : We herein report a case of a genetic fluid balance disorder due to an activating mutation of AVPR2 . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Conivaptan	[SEP]In nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis ( NSIAD ) , fluid retention is due to a gain-of-function mutation in the arginine vasopressin receptor 2 ( AVPR2 ) gene leading to low arginine vasopressin levels . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Conivaptan	[SEP]Learning points : Activating mutations in the < i > AVPR2 < /i > gene are associated with the rare X-linked condition nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis.NSIAD is associated with hyponatremia , decreased serum osmolality and inappropriately increased urinary osmolality . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Conivaptan	[SEP]Nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis ( NSIAD ) is an X-linked disorder caused by activating mutations in arginine vasopressin receptor 2 ( AVPR2 ) , resulting in persistently concentrated urine . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Tolvaptan	[SEP]A water load test demonstrated an inability to dilute urine and gene sequencing confirmed a recurrent activating mutation in < i > AVPR2 < /i > . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Tolvaptan	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : We herein report a case of a genetic fluid balance disorder due to an activating mutation of AVPR2 . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Tolvaptan	[SEP]In nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis ( NSIAD ) , fluid retention is due to a gain-of-function mutation in the arginine vasopressin receptor 2 ( AVPR2 ) gene leading to low arginine vasopressin levels . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Tolvaptan	[SEP]Learning points : Activating mutations in the < i > AVPR2 < /i > gene are associated with the rare X-linked condition nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis.NSIAD is associated with hyponatremia , decreased serum osmolality and inappropriately increased urinary osmolality . 
AVPR2	GOF	antagonist	Tolvaptan	[SEP]Nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis ( NSIAD ) is an X-linked disorder caused by activating mutations in arginine vasopressin receptor 2 ( AVPR2 ) , resulting in persistently concentrated urine . 
BRAF	GOF	antagonist	Dabrafenib	[SEP]OBJECTIVE : Recently , BRAF V600E mutation , and activation of mTOR and MAPK pathways have been identified in various glial/glioneuronal tumors . 
BRAF	GOF	antagonist	Dabrafenib	[SEP]The condition is caused by de novo activating mutations in one of four genes encoding proteins involved in the RAS-MAPK signaling pathway ; specifically BRAF , MEK1 , MEK2 , or KRAS . 
BRAF	GOF	inhibitor	Encorafenib	[SEP]OBJECTIVE : Recently , BRAF V600E mutation , and activation of mTOR and MAPK pathways have been identified in various glial/glioneuronal tumors . 
BRAF	GOF	inhibitor	Encorafenib	[SEP]The condition is caused by de novo activating mutations in one of four genes encoding proteins involved in the RAS-MAPK signaling pathway ; specifically BRAF , MEK1 , MEK2 , or KRAS . 
BRAF	GOF	inhibitor	Fostamatinib	[SEP]OBJECTIVE : Recently , BRAF V600E mutation , and activation of mTOR and MAPK pathways have been identified in various glial/glioneuronal tumors . 
BRAF	GOF	inhibitor	Fostamatinib	[SEP]The condition is caused by de novo activating mutations in one of four genes encoding proteins involved in the RAS-MAPK signaling pathway ; specifically BRAF , MEK1 , MEK2 , or KRAS . 
BRAF	GOF	inhibitor	Regorafenib	[SEP]OBJECTIVE : Recently , BRAF V600E mutation , and activation of mTOR and MAPK pathways have been identified in various glial/glioneuronal tumors . 
BRAF	GOF	inhibitor	Regorafenib	[SEP]The condition is caused by de novo activating mutations in one of four genes encoding proteins involved in the RAS-MAPK signaling pathway ; specifically BRAF , MEK1 , MEK2 , or KRAS . 
BRAF	GOF	inhibitor	Sorafenib	[SEP]OBJECTIVE : Recently , BRAF V600E mutation , and activation of mTOR and MAPK pathways have been identified in various glial/glioneuronal tumors . 
BRAF	GOF	inhibitor	Sorafenib	[SEP]The condition is caused by de novo activating mutations in one of four genes encoding proteins involved in the RAS-MAPK signaling pathway ; specifically BRAF , MEK1 , MEK2 , or KRAS . 
CACNA1A	GOF	blocker	Bioallethrin	[SEP]Familial hemiplegic migraine type 1 , a monogenic migraine variant with aura , is linked to gain-of-function mutations in the CACNA1A gene encoding Ca ( V ) 2.1 channels . 
CACNA1A	GOF	inhibitor	Bepridil	[SEP]Familial hemiplegic migraine type 1 , a monogenic migraine variant with aura , is linked to gain-of-function mutations in the CACNA1A gene encoding Ca ( V ) 2.1 channels . 
CACNA1A	GOF	inhibitor	Loperamide	[SEP]Familial hemiplegic migraine type 1 , a monogenic migraine variant with aura , is linked to gain-of-function mutations in the CACNA1A gene encoding Ca ( V ) 2.1 channels . 
CACNA1A	GOF	inhibitor	Pregabalin	[SEP]Familial hemiplegic migraine type 1 , a monogenic migraine variant with aura , is linked to gain-of-function mutations in the CACNA1A gene encoding Ca ( V ) 2.1 channels . 
CACNA1A	GOF	inhibitor	Verapamil	[SEP]Familial hemiplegic migraine type 1 , a monogenic migraine variant with aura , is linked to gain-of-function mutations in the CACNA1A gene encoding Ca ( V ) 2.1 channels . 
CACNA1H	GOF	inhibitor	Amiodarone	[SEP]In fact , gain-of-function mutations have been identified in Cav3.2 ( an LVA or T-type calcium channel encoded by the CACNA1H gene ) in patients with congenital forms of IGEs , consistent with increased excitability of neurons as a result of enhanced T-type channel function . 
CACNA1H	GOF	inhibitor	Cinnarizine	[SEP]In fact , gain-of-function mutations have been identified in Cav3.2 ( an LVA or T-type calcium channel encoded by the CACNA1H gene ) in patients with congenital forms of IGEs , consistent with increased excitability of neurons as a result of enhanced T-type channel function . 
CACNA1H	GOF	inhibitor	Felodipine	[SEP]In fact , gain-of-function mutations have been identified in Cav3.2 ( an LVA or T-type calcium channel encoded by the CACNA1H gene ) in patients with congenital forms of IGEs , consistent with increased excitability of neurons as a result of enhanced T-type channel function . 
CACNA1H	GOF	inhibitor	Flunarizine	[SEP]In fact , gain-of-function mutations have been identified in Cav3.2 ( an LVA or T-type calcium channel encoded by the CACNA1H gene ) in patients with congenital forms of IGEs , consistent with increased excitability of neurons as a result of enhanced T-type channel function . 
CACNA1H	GOF	inhibitor	Isradipine	[SEP]In fact , gain-of-function mutations have been identified in Cav3.2 ( an LVA or T-type calcium channel encoded by the CACNA1H gene ) in patients with congenital forms of IGEs , consistent with increased excitability of neurons as a result of enhanced T-type channel function . 
CACNA1H	GOF	inhibitor	Nifedipine	[SEP]In fact , gain-of-function mutations have been identified in Cav3.2 ( an LVA or T-type calcium channel encoded by the CACNA1H gene ) in patients with congenital forms of IGEs , consistent with increased excitability of neurons as a result of enhanced T-type channel function . 
CACNA1H	GOF	inhibitor	Nitrendipine	[SEP]In fact , gain-of-function mutations have been identified in Cav3.2 ( an LVA or T-type calcium channel encoded by the CACNA1H gene ) in patients with congenital forms of IGEs , consistent with increased excitability of neurons as a result of enhanced T-type channel function . 
CACNA1H	GOF	inhibitor	Zonisamide	[SEP]In fact , gain-of-function mutations have been identified in Cav3.2 ( an LVA or T-type calcium channel encoded by the CACNA1H gene ) in patients with congenital forms of IGEs , consistent with increased excitability of neurons as a result of enhanced T-type channel function . 
CBS	LOF	activator	Ademetionine	[SEP]We now show that tandem pairs of CBS domains from AMP-activated protein kinase , IMP dehydrogenase-2 , the chloride channel CLC2 , and cystathionine beta-synthase bind AMP , ATP , or S-adenosyl methionine , while mutations that cause hereditary diseases impair this binding . 
CHRNA2	GOF	antagonist	Atracurium besylate	[SEP]CONCLUSION : ADNFLE had previously been associated with CHRNA2 dysfunction in one family , in which a gain of function mutation was demonstrated . 
CHRNA2	GOF	antagonist	Cisatracurium	[SEP]CONCLUSION : ADNFLE had previously been associated with CHRNA2 dysfunction in one family , in which a gain of function mutation was demonstrated . 
CHRNA2	GOF	antagonist	Gallamine Triethiodide	[SEP]CONCLUSION : ADNFLE had previously been associated with CHRNA2 dysfunction in one family , in which a gain of function mutation was demonstrated . 
CHRNA2	GOF	antagonist	Mecamylamine	[SEP]CONCLUSION : ADNFLE had previously been associated with CHRNA2 dysfunction in one family , in which a gain of function mutation was demonstrated . 
CHRNA2	GOF	antagonist	Metocurine	[SEP]CONCLUSION : ADNFLE had previously been associated with CHRNA2 dysfunction in one family , in which a gain of function mutation was demonstrated . 
CHRNA2	GOF	antagonist	Metocurine Iodide	[SEP]CONCLUSION : ADNFLE had previously been associated with CHRNA2 dysfunction in one family , in which a gain of function mutation was demonstrated . 
CHRNA2	GOF	antagonist	Pancuronium	[SEP]CONCLUSION : ADNFLE had previously been associated with CHRNA2 dysfunction in one family , in which a gain of function mutation was demonstrated . 
CHRNA2	GOF	antagonist	Rocuronium	[SEP]CONCLUSION : ADNFLE had previously been associated with CHRNA2 dysfunction in one family , in which a gain of function mutation was demonstrated . 
CHRNA2	LOF	agonist	Epibatidine	[SEP]We confirm the causative role of CHRNA2 mutations in ADNFLE and demonstrate that also loss of function of a2 nAChRs may have pathogenic effects . 
FGFR3	GOF	inhibitor	Fostamatinib	[SEP]Despite its location within the same FGFR3 codon as the thanatophoric dysplasia type II mutation ( Lys650Glu ) and a similar effect on constitutive activation of the FGFR3 tyrosine kinase , the Lys650Met is not associated with cloverleaf skull or craniosynostosis . 
FGFR3	GOF	inhibitor	Lenvatinib	[SEP]Despite its location within the same FGFR3 codon as the thanatophoric dysplasia type II mutation ( Lys650Glu ) and a similar effect on constitutive activation of the FGFR3 tyrosine kinase , the Lys650Met is not associated with cloverleaf skull or craniosynostosis . 
FGFR3	GOF	inhibitor	Nintedanib	[SEP]Despite its location within the same FGFR3 codon as the thanatophoric dysplasia type II mutation ( Lys650Glu ) and a similar effect on constitutive activation of the FGFR3 tyrosine kinase , the Lys650Met is not associated with cloverleaf skull or craniosynostosis . 
FGFR3	GOF	inhibitor	Pazopanib	[SEP]Despite its location within the same FGFR3 codon as the thanatophoric dysplasia type II mutation ( Lys650Glu ) and a similar effect on constitutive activation of the FGFR3 tyrosine kinase , the Lys650Met is not associated with cloverleaf skull or craniosynostosis . 
FGFR3	GOF	inhibitor	Ponatinib	[SEP]Despite its location within the same FGFR3 codon as the thanatophoric dysplasia type II mutation ( Lys650Glu ) and a similar effect on constitutive activation of the FGFR3 tyrosine kinase , the Lys650Met is not associated with cloverleaf skull or craniosynostosis . 
GABRA1	GOF	antagonist	Flumazenil	[SEP]We further found that the expression of the most severe GABRA1 missense mutation ( a1-A322D ) induced a striking increase of spine density in pyramidal cells along with an increase in the number of mushroom-like spines . 
GABRA1	GOF	antagonist	Picrotoxin	[SEP]We further found that the expression of the most severe GABRA1 missense mutation ( a1-A322D ) induced a striking increase of spine density in pyramidal cells along with an increase in the number of mushroom-like spines . 
GABRA1	LOF	agonist	Sevoflurane	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : We conclude that this de novo mutation can contribute to the cause of `` sporadic '' childhood absence epilepsy by a loss of function and haploinsufficiency of the GABA ( A ) receptor alpha ( 1 ) -subunit , and that GABRA1 mutations rarely are associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsy . 
GABRA1	LOF	agonist	Thiamylal	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : We conclude that this de novo mutation can contribute to the cause of `` sporadic '' childhood absence epilepsy by a loss of function and haploinsufficiency of the GABA ( A ) receptor alpha ( 1 ) -subunit , and that GABRA1 mutations rarely are associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsy . 
GABRA1	LOF	potentiator	Butethal	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : We conclude that this de novo mutation can contribute to the cause of `` sporadic '' childhood absence epilepsy by a loss of function and haploinsufficiency of the GABA ( A ) receptor alpha ( 1 ) -subunit , and that GABRA1 mutations rarely are associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsy . 
GABRA1	LOF	potentiator	Diazepam	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : We conclude that this de novo mutation can contribute to the cause of `` sporadic '' childhood absence epilepsy by a loss of function and haploinsufficiency of the GABA ( A ) receptor alpha ( 1 ) -subunit , and that GABRA1 mutations rarely are associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsy . 
GABRA1	LOF	potentiator	Oxazepam	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : We conclude that this de novo mutation can contribute to the cause of `` sporadic '' childhood absence epilepsy by a loss of function and haploinsufficiency of the GABA ( A ) receptor alpha ( 1 ) -subunit , and that GABRA1 mutations rarely are associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsy . 
GABRA1	LOF	potentiator	Primidone	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : We conclude that this de novo mutation can contribute to the cause of `` sporadic '' childhood absence epilepsy by a loss of function and haploinsufficiency of the GABA ( A ) receptor alpha ( 1 ) -subunit , and that GABRA1 mutations rarely are associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsy . 
GABRA1	LOF	potentiator	Secobarbital	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : We conclude that this de novo mutation can contribute to the cause of `` sporadic '' childhood absence epilepsy by a loss of function and haploinsufficiency of the GABA ( A ) receptor alpha ( 1 ) -subunit , and that GABRA1 mutations rarely are associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsy . 
GABRA1	LOF	potentiator	Temazepam	[SEP]INTERPRETATION : We conclude that this de novo mutation can contribute to the cause of `` sporadic '' childhood absence epilepsy by a loss of function and haploinsufficiency of the GABA ( A ) receptor alpha ( 1 ) -subunit , and that GABRA1 mutations rarely are associated with idiopathic generalized epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	agonist	Zolpidem	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : Our results indicate that GABRB3 mutations are associated with a broad phenotypic spectrum of epilepsies and that reduced receptor function causing GABAergic disinhibition represents the relevant disease mechanism . 
GABRB3	LOF	agonist	Zolpidem	[SEP]In human , three different point mutations in exon 1A , coding the signal peptide and exon 2 of GABRB3 , segregate with childhood absence epilepsy ( CAE ) , and result in decreased neuronal GABA currents , Three neurological disorders , Rett syndrome , ( a deficiency of MeCP2 ) , Angelman syndrome , and autism , each exhibit reduced expression of GABRB3 and UBE3A , along with mental retardation and epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	agonist	Zolpidem	[SEP]RESULTS : LGS-associated GABRB3 ( D120N , E180G , Y302C ) mutations located at b+ subunit interfaces reduced whole cell currents by decreasing single channel open probability without loss of surface receptors . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Bromazepam	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : Our results indicate that GABRB3 mutations are associated with a broad phenotypic spectrum of epilepsies and that reduced receptor function causing GABAergic disinhibition represents the relevant disease mechanism . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Bromazepam	[SEP]In human , three different point mutations in exon 1A , coding the signal peptide and exon 2 of GABRB3 , segregate with childhood absence epilepsy ( CAE ) , and result in decreased neuronal GABA currents , Three neurological disorders , Rett syndrome , ( a deficiency of MeCP2 ) , Angelman syndrome , and autism , each exhibit reduced expression of GABRB3 and UBE3A , along with mental retardation and epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Bromazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : LGS-associated GABRB3 ( D120N , E180G , Y302C ) mutations located at b+ subunit interfaces reduced whole cell currents by decreasing single channel open probability without loss of surface receptors . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Diazepam	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : Our results indicate that GABRB3 mutations are associated with a broad phenotypic spectrum of epilepsies and that reduced receptor function causing GABAergic disinhibition represents the relevant disease mechanism . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Diazepam	[SEP]In human , three different point mutations in exon 1A , coding the signal peptide and exon 2 of GABRB3 , segregate with childhood absence epilepsy ( CAE ) , and result in decreased neuronal GABA currents , Three neurological disorders , Rett syndrome , ( a deficiency of MeCP2 ) , Angelman syndrome , and autism , each exhibit reduced expression of GABRB3 and UBE3A , along with mental retardation and epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Diazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : LGS-associated GABRB3 ( D120N , E180G , Y302C ) mutations located at b+ subunit interfaces reduced whole cell currents by decreasing single channel open probability without loss of surface receptors . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Fospropofol	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : Our results indicate that GABRB3 mutations are associated with a broad phenotypic spectrum of epilepsies and that reduced receptor function causing GABAergic disinhibition represents the relevant disease mechanism . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Fospropofol	[SEP]In human , three different point mutations in exon 1A , coding the signal peptide and exon 2 of GABRB3 , segregate with childhood absence epilepsy ( CAE ) , and result in decreased neuronal GABA currents , Three neurological disorders , Rett syndrome , ( a deficiency of MeCP2 ) , Angelman syndrome , and autism , each exhibit reduced expression of GABRB3 and UBE3A , along with mental retardation and epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Fospropofol	[SEP]RESULTS : LGS-associated GABRB3 ( D120N , E180G , Y302C ) mutations located at b+ subunit interfaces reduced whole cell currents by decreasing single channel open probability without loss of surface receptors . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Halazepam	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : Our results indicate that GABRB3 mutations are associated with a broad phenotypic spectrum of epilepsies and that reduced receptor function causing GABAergic disinhibition represents the relevant disease mechanism . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Halazepam	[SEP]In human , three different point mutations in exon 1A , coding the signal peptide and exon 2 of GABRB3 , segregate with childhood absence epilepsy ( CAE ) , and result in decreased neuronal GABA currents , Three neurological disorders , Rett syndrome , ( a deficiency of MeCP2 ) , Angelman syndrome , and autism , each exhibit reduced expression of GABRB3 and UBE3A , along with mental retardation and epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Halazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : LGS-associated GABRB3 ( D120N , E180G , Y302C ) mutations located at b+ subunit interfaces reduced whole cell currents by decreasing single channel open probability without loss of surface receptors . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Midazolam	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : Our results indicate that GABRB3 mutations are associated with a broad phenotypic spectrum of epilepsies and that reduced receptor function causing GABAergic disinhibition represents the relevant disease mechanism . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Midazolam	[SEP]In human , three different point mutations in exon 1A , coding the signal peptide and exon 2 of GABRB3 , segregate with childhood absence epilepsy ( CAE ) , and result in decreased neuronal GABA currents , Three neurological disorders , Rett syndrome , ( a deficiency of MeCP2 ) , Angelman syndrome , and autism , each exhibit reduced expression of GABRB3 and UBE3A , along with mental retardation and epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Midazolam	[SEP]RESULTS : LGS-associated GABRB3 ( D120N , E180G , Y302C ) mutations located at b+ subunit interfaces reduced whole cell currents by decreasing single channel open probability without loss of surface receptors . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Oxazepam	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : Our results indicate that GABRB3 mutations are associated with a broad phenotypic spectrum of epilepsies and that reduced receptor function causing GABAergic disinhibition represents the relevant disease mechanism . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Oxazepam	[SEP]In human , three different point mutations in exon 1A , coding the signal peptide and exon 2 of GABRB3 , segregate with childhood absence epilepsy ( CAE ) , and result in decreased neuronal GABA currents , Three neurological disorders , Rett syndrome , ( a deficiency of MeCP2 ) , Angelman syndrome , and autism , each exhibit reduced expression of GABRB3 and UBE3A , along with mental retardation and epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Oxazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : LGS-associated GABRB3 ( D120N , E180G , Y302C ) mutations located at b+ subunit interfaces reduced whole cell currents by decreasing single channel open probability without loss of surface receptors . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Prazepam	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : Our results indicate that GABRB3 mutations are associated with a broad phenotypic spectrum of epilepsies and that reduced receptor function causing GABAergic disinhibition represents the relevant disease mechanism . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Prazepam	[SEP]In human , three different point mutations in exon 1A , coding the signal peptide and exon 2 of GABRB3 , segregate with childhood absence epilepsy ( CAE ) , and result in decreased neuronal GABA currents , Three neurological disorders , Rett syndrome , ( a deficiency of MeCP2 ) , Angelman syndrome , and autism , each exhibit reduced expression of GABRB3 and UBE3A , along with mental retardation and epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Prazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : LGS-associated GABRB3 ( D120N , E180G , Y302C ) mutations located at b+ subunit interfaces reduced whole cell currents by decreasing single channel open probability without loss of surface receptors . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Temazepam	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : Our results indicate that GABRB3 mutations are associated with a broad phenotypic spectrum of epilepsies and that reduced receptor function causing GABAergic disinhibition represents the relevant disease mechanism . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Temazepam	[SEP]In human , three different point mutations in exon 1A , coding the signal peptide and exon 2 of GABRB3 , segregate with childhood absence epilepsy ( CAE ) , and result in decreased neuronal GABA currents , Three neurological disorders , Rett syndrome , ( a deficiency of MeCP2 ) , Angelman syndrome , and autism , each exhibit reduced expression of GABRB3 and UBE3A , along with mental retardation and epilepsy . 
GABRB3	LOF	potentiator	Temazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : LGS-associated GABRB3 ( D120N , E180G , Y302C ) mutations located at b+ subunit interfaces reduced whole cell currents by decreasing single channel open probability without loss of surface receptors . 
GABRG2	GOF	antagonist	Flumazenil	[SEP]Our findings provide in vivo evidence for increased intracortical excitability in subjects affected by the GABRG2 ( R43Q ) mutation . 
GABRG2	GOF	antagonist	Flumazenil	[SEP]The study indicated that regardless of other inflammatory factors , brief heat alone increased brain excitability and induced multiple types of seizures in Gabrg2+/Q390X mice , suggesting that mutations like GABRG2 ( Q390X ) may alter brain thermal regulation and precipitate seizures during temperature elevations . 
GABRG2	LOF	agonist	Zolpidem	[SEP]RESULTS : Although all GABRG2 nonsense mutations resulted in loss of y2 subunit surface expression , the truncated subunits had different degradation rates and stabilities , suppression of wild-type subunit biogenesis and function , amounts of conjugation with polyubiquitin , and endoplasmic reticulum stress levels . 
GABRG2	LOF	agonist	Zolpidem	[SEP]Restoring the impaired membrane trafficking of some GABRG2 mutations by enhancing palmitoylation might be an interesting therapeutic approach to reverse the pathogenic effect of such mutants . 
GABRG2	LOF	agonist	Zolpidem	[SEP]These results suggested that the GABRG2 mutation , IVS6+2T > G , reduced surface aby2 receptor levels , thus reducing GABAergic inhibition , by reducing GABRG2 transcript level and producing a stable , nonfunctional truncated subunit that had a dominant-negative effect on aby2 receptor assembly . 
GABRG2	LOF	agonist	Zolpidem	[SEP]This study provides evidence that GABRG2 mutations are linked to the FS phenotype , rather than epilepsy , and that loss-of-function of GABAA receptor y2 subunit is the probable underlying pathogenic mechanism . 
GABRG2	LOF	agonist	Zolpidem	[SEP]We tested the hypothesis that individuals affected by the GABRG2 ( R43Q ) mutation have reduced binding to the GABA ( A ) receptor complex using positron emission tomography ( PET ) and the benzodiazepine receptor ligand [ ( 11 ) C ] -flumazenil . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Bromazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : Although all GABRG2 nonsense mutations resulted in loss of y2 subunit surface expression , the truncated subunits had different degradation rates and stabilities , suppression of wild-type subunit biogenesis and function , amounts of conjugation with polyubiquitin , and endoplasmic reticulum stress levels . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Bromazepam	[SEP]Restoring the impaired membrane trafficking of some GABRG2 mutations by enhancing palmitoylation might be an interesting therapeutic approach to reverse the pathogenic effect of such mutants . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Bromazepam	[SEP]These results suggested that the GABRG2 mutation , IVS6+2T > G , reduced surface aby2 receptor levels , thus reducing GABAergic inhibition , by reducing GABRG2 transcript level and producing a stable , nonfunctional truncated subunit that had a dominant-negative effect on aby2 receptor assembly . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Bromazepam	[SEP]This study provides evidence that GABRG2 mutations are linked to the FS phenotype , rather than epilepsy , and that loss-of-function of GABAA receptor y2 subunit is the probable underlying pathogenic mechanism . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Bromazepam	[SEP]We tested the hypothesis that individuals affected by the GABRG2 ( R43Q ) mutation have reduced binding to the GABA ( A ) receptor complex using positron emission tomography ( PET ) and the benzodiazepine receptor ligand [ ( 11 ) C ] -flumazenil . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Diazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : Although all GABRG2 nonsense mutations resulted in loss of y2 subunit surface expression , the truncated subunits had different degradation rates and stabilities , suppression of wild-type subunit biogenesis and function , amounts of conjugation with polyubiquitin , and endoplasmic reticulum stress levels . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Diazepam	[SEP]Restoring the impaired membrane trafficking of some GABRG2 mutations by enhancing palmitoylation might be an interesting therapeutic approach to reverse the pathogenic effect of such mutants . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Diazepam	[SEP]These results suggested that the GABRG2 mutation , IVS6+2T > G , reduced surface aby2 receptor levels , thus reducing GABAergic inhibition , by reducing GABRG2 transcript level and producing a stable , nonfunctional truncated subunit that had a dominant-negative effect on aby2 receptor assembly . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Diazepam	[SEP]This study provides evidence that GABRG2 mutations are linked to the FS phenotype , rather than epilepsy , and that loss-of-function of GABAA receptor y2 subunit is the probable underlying pathogenic mechanism . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Diazepam	[SEP]We tested the hypothesis that individuals affected by the GABRG2 ( R43Q ) mutation have reduced binding to the GABA ( A ) receptor complex using positron emission tomography ( PET ) and the benzodiazepine receptor ligand [ ( 11 ) C ] -flumazenil . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Halazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : Although all GABRG2 nonsense mutations resulted in loss of y2 subunit surface expression , the truncated subunits had different degradation rates and stabilities , suppression of wild-type subunit biogenesis and function , amounts of conjugation with polyubiquitin , and endoplasmic reticulum stress levels . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Halazepam	[SEP]Restoring the impaired membrane trafficking of some GABRG2 mutations by enhancing palmitoylation might be an interesting therapeutic approach to reverse the pathogenic effect of such mutants . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Halazepam	[SEP]These results suggested that the GABRG2 mutation , IVS6+2T > G , reduced surface aby2 receptor levels , thus reducing GABAergic inhibition , by reducing GABRG2 transcript level and producing a stable , nonfunctional truncated subunit that had a dominant-negative effect on aby2 receptor assembly . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Halazepam	[SEP]This study provides evidence that GABRG2 mutations are linked to the FS phenotype , rather than epilepsy , and that loss-of-function of GABAA receptor y2 subunit is the probable underlying pathogenic mechanism . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Halazepam	[SEP]We tested the hypothesis that individuals affected by the GABRG2 ( R43Q ) mutation have reduced binding to the GABA ( A ) receptor complex using positron emission tomography ( PET ) and the benzodiazepine receptor ligand [ ( 11 ) C ] -flumazenil . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Midazolam	[SEP]RESULTS : Although all GABRG2 nonsense mutations resulted in loss of y2 subunit surface expression , the truncated subunits had different degradation rates and stabilities , suppression of wild-type subunit biogenesis and function , amounts of conjugation with polyubiquitin , and endoplasmic reticulum stress levels . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Midazolam	[SEP]Restoring the impaired membrane trafficking of some GABRG2 mutations by enhancing palmitoylation might be an interesting therapeutic approach to reverse the pathogenic effect of such mutants . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Midazolam	[SEP]These results suggested that the GABRG2 mutation , IVS6+2T > G , reduced surface aby2 receptor levels , thus reducing GABAergic inhibition , by reducing GABRG2 transcript level and producing a stable , nonfunctional truncated subunit that had a dominant-negative effect on aby2 receptor assembly . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Midazolam	[SEP]This study provides evidence that GABRG2 mutations are linked to the FS phenotype , rather than epilepsy , and that loss-of-function of GABAA receptor y2 subunit is the probable underlying pathogenic mechanism . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Midazolam	[SEP]We tested the hypothesis that individuals affected by the GABRG2 ( R43Q ) mutation have reduced binding to the GABA ( A ) receptor complex using positron emission tomography ( PET ) and the benzodiazepine receptor ligand [ ( 11 ) C ] -flumazenil . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Oxazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : Although all GABRG2 nonsense mutations resulted in loss of y2 subunit surface expression , the truncated subunits had different degradation rates and stabilities , suppression of wild-type subunit biogenesis and function , amounts of conjugation with polyubiquitin , and endoplasmic reticulum stress levels . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Oxazepam	[SEP]Restoring the impaired membrane trafficking of some GABRG2 mutations by enhancing palmitoylation might be an interesting therapeutic approach to reverse the pathogenic effect of such mutants . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Oxazepam	[SEP]These results suggested that the GABRG2 mutation , IVS6+2T > G , reduced surface aby2 receptor levels , thus reducing GABAergic inhibition , by reducing GABRG2 transcript level and producing a stable , nonfunctional truncated subunit that had a dominant-negative effect on aby2 receptor assembly . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Oxazepam	[SEP]This study provides evidence that GABRG2 mutations are linked to the FS phenotype , rather than epilepsy , and that loss-of-function of GABAA receptor y2 subunit is the probable underlying pathogenic mechanism . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Oxazepam	[SEP]We tested the hypothesis that individuals affected by the GABRG2 ( R43Q ) mutation have reduced binding to the GABA ( A ) receptor complex using positron emission tomography ( PET ) and the benzodiazepine receptor ligand [ ( 11 ) C ] -flumazenil . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Prazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : Although all GABRG2 nonsense mutations resulted in loss of y2 subunit surface expression , the truncated subunits had different degradation rates and stabilities , suppression of wild-type subunit biogenesis and function , amounts of conjugation with polyubiquitin , and endoplasmic reticulum stress levels . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Prazepam	[SEP]Restoring the impaired membrane trafficking of some GABRG2 mutations by enhancing palmitoylation might be an interesting therapeutic approach to reverse the pathogenic effect of such mutants . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Prazepam	[SEP]These results suggested that the GABRG2 mutation , IVS6+2T > G , reduced surface aby2 receptor levels , thus reducing GABAergic inhibition , by reducing GABRG2 transcript level and producing a stable , nonfunctional truncated subunit that had a dominant-negative effect on aby2 receptor assembly . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Prazepam	[SEP]This study provides evidence that GABRG2 mutations are linked to the FS phenotype , rather than epilepsy , and that loss-of-function of GABAA receptor y2 subunit is the probable underlying pathogenic mechanism . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Prazepam	[SEP]We tested the hypothesis that individuals affected by the GABRG2 ( R43Q ) mutation have reduced binding to the GABA ( A ) receptor complex using positron emission tomography ( PET ) and the benzodiazepine receptor ligand [ ( 11 ) C ] -flumazenil . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Temazepam	[SEP]RESULTS : Although all GABRG2 nonsense mutations resulted in loss of y2 subunit surface expression , the truncated subunits had different degradation rates and stabilities , suppression of wild-type subunit biogenesis and function , amounts of conjugation with polyubiquitin , and endoplasmic reticulum stress levels . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Temazepam	[SEP]Restoring the impaired membrane trafficking of some GABRG2 mutations by enhancing palmitoylation might be an interesting therapeutic approach to reverse the pathogenic effect of such mutants . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Temazepam	[SEP]These results suggested that the GABRG2 mutation , IVS6+2T > G , reduced surface aby2 receptor levels , thus reducing GABAergic inhibition , by reducing GABRG2 transcript level and producing a stable , nonfunctional truncated subunit that had a dominant-negative effect on aby2 receptor assembly . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Temazepam	[SEP]This study provides evidence that GABRG2 mutations are linked to the FS phenotype , rather than epilepsy , and that loss-of-function of GABAA receptor y2 subunit is the probable underlying pathogenic mechanism . 
GABRG2	LOF	potentiator	Temazepam	[SEP]We tested the hypothesis that individuals affected by the GABRG2 ( R43Q ) mutation have reduced binding to the GABA ( A ) receptor complex using positron emission tomography ( PET ) and the benzodiazepine receptor ligand [ ( 11 ) C ] -flumazenil . 
GLRA2	LOF	agonist	Ethanol	[SEP]These include a microdeletion ( GLRA2 ex8-9 ) and missense mutations in GLRA2 ( p.N109S and p.R126Q ) that impair cell-surface expression of GlyR a2 , and either abolish or markedly reduce sensitivity to glycine . 
GLRA2	LOF	agonist	Taurine	[SEP]These include a microdeletion ( GLRA2 ex8-9 ) and missense mutations in GLRA2 ( p.N109S and p.R126Q ) that impair cell-surface expression of GlyR a2 , and either abolish or markedly reduce sensitivity to glycine . 
GLUD1	GOF	inactivator	Aluminum chloride	[SEP]BACKGROUND : Activating mutations in the GLUD1 gene ( which encodes for the intra-mitochondrial enzyme glutamate dehydrogenase , GDH ) cause the hyperinsulinism-hyperammonaemia ( HI/HA ) syndrome . 
GLUD1	GOF	inactivator	Aluminum chloride	[SEP]BACKGROUND : Hyperinsulinism-hyperammonemia syndrome ( HI/HA ) is a rare autosomal dominant disorder presenting with hypoglycemia and hyperammonemia .  It is caused by activating mutations in the GLUD1 gene . 
GLUD1	GOF	inactivator	Aluminum chloride	[SEP]HI/HA syndrome is one of the more common forms of congenital hyperinsulinism ( CHI ) , caused by activating mutations within the GLUD1 gene that encodes the mitochondrial enzyme glutamate dehydrogenase ( GDH ) . 
GLUD1	GOF	inactivator	Aluminum chloride	[SEP]Hyperinsulinism/hyperammonemia ( HI/HA ) syndrome is a rare disorder presented with recurrent hypoglycemia and elevated serum ammonia , which may lead to development delays , permanent neurologic damages , if it remains underdiagnosed .  It is caused by activating mutations in the GLUD1 gene which encodes the intra-mitochondrial enzyme glutamate dehydrogenase ( GDH ) . 
GLUD1	GOF	inactivator	Aluminum chloride	[SEP]Mild hyperammonemia and inappropriately elevated insulin levels should suggest a GLUD1 mutation . 
GLUD1	GOF	inhibitor	Hexachlorophene	[SEP]BACKGROUND : Activating mutations in the GLUD1 gene ( which encodes for the intra-mitochondrial enzyme glutamate dehydrogenase , GDH ) cause the hyperinsulinism-hyperammonaemia ( HI/HA ) syndrome . 
GLUD1	GOF	inhibitor	Hexachlorophene	[SEP]BACKGROUND : Hyperinsulinism-hyperammonemia syndrome ( HI/HA ) is a rare autosomal dominant disorder presenting with hypoglycemia and hyperammonemia .  It is caused by activating mutations in the GLUD1 gene . 
GLUD1	GOF	inhibitor	Hexachlorophene	[SEP]HI/HA syndrome is one of the more common forms of congenital hyperinsulinism ( CHI ) , caused by activating mutations within the GLUD1 gene that encodes the mitochondrial enzyme glutamate dehydrogenase ( GDH ) . 
GLUD1	GOF	inhibitor	Hexachlorophene	[SEP]Hyperinsulinism/hyperammonemia ( HI/HA ) syndrome is a rare disorder presented with recurrent hypoglycemia and elevated serum ammonia , which may lead to development delays , permanent neurologic damages , if it remains underdiagnosed .  It is caused by activating mutations in the GLUD1 gene which encodes the intra-mitochondrial enzyme glutamate dehydrogenase ( GDH ) . 
GLUD1	GOF	inhibitor	Hexachlorophene	[SEP]Mild hyperammonemia and inappropriately elevated insulin levels should suggest a GLUD1 mutation . 
GRIN1	LOF	activator	Acetylcysteine	[SEP]These results are striking because previous GRIN1 mutations have generally caused loss of function , and because N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor agonists have been used for many years to generate animal models of polymicrogyria . 
GRIN2A	GOF	antagonist	Felbamate	[SEP]RESULTS : A de novo GRIN2A missense mutation ( c.2434C > A ; p.L812M ) increased the charge transfer mediated by NMDA receptors containing the mutant GluN2A-L812M subunit . 
GRIN2A	GOF	antagonist	Glycine	[SEP]RESULTS : A de novo GRIN2A missense mutation ( c.2434C > A ; p.L812M ) increased the charge transfer mediated by NMDA receptors containing the mutant GluN2A-L812M subunit . 
GRIN2A	GOF	antagonist	Halothane	[SEP]RESULTS : A de novo GRIN2A missense mutation ( c.2434C > A ; p.L812M ) increased the charge transfer mediated by NMDA receptors containing the mutant GluN2A-L812M subunit . 
GRIN2A	GOF	antagonist	Memantine	[SEP]RESULTS : A de novo GRIN2A missense mutation ( c.2434C > A ; p.L812M ) increased the charge transfer mediated by NMDA receptors containing the mutant GluN2A-L812M subunit . 
GRIN2A	GOF	antagonist	Meperidine	[SEP]RESULTS : A de novo GRIN2A missense mutation ( c.2434C > A ; p.L812M ) increased the charge transfer mediated by NMDA receptors containing the mutant GluN2A-L812M subunit . 
GRIN2A	GOF	antagonist	Tenocyclidine	[SEP]RESULTS : A de novo GRIN2A missense mutation ( c.2434C > A ; p.L812M ) increased the charge transfer mediated by NMDA receptors containing the mutant GluN2A-L812M subunit . 
GRIN2B	GOF	antagonist	Felbamate	[SEP]De novo gain of function mutations in GRIN2B encoding the GluN2B subunit of the N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptor have been linked with epileptic encephalopathies , including infantile spasms . 
GRIN2B	GOF	antagonist	Haloperidol	[SEP]De novo gain of function mutations in GRIN2B encoding the GluN2B subunit of the N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptor have been linked with epileptic encephalopathies , including infantile spasms . 
GRIN2B	GOF	antagonist	Ifenprodil	[SEP]De novo gain of function mutations in GRIN2B encoding the GluN2B subunit of the N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptor have been linked with epileptic encephalopathies , including infantile spasms . 
GRIN2B	GOF	antagonist	Memantine	[SEP]De novo gain of function mutations in GRIN2B encoding the GluN2B subunit of the N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptor have been linked with epileptic encephalopathies , including infantile spasms . 
GRIN2B	GOF	antagonist	Meperidine	[SEP]De novo gain of function mutations in GRIN2B encoding the GluN2B subunit of the N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptor have been linked with epileptic encephalopathies , including infantile spasms . 
GRIN2B	GOF	antagonist	Tenocyclidine	[SEP]De novo gain of function mutations in GRIN2B encoding the GluN2B subunit of the N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptor have been linked with epileptic encephalopathies , including infantile spasms . 
GRIN2B	GOF	inhibitor	Taurine	[SEP]De novo gain of function mutations in GRIN2B encoding the GluN2B subunit of the N-methyl-d-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptor have been linked with epileptic encephalopathies , including infantile spasms . 
IDH1	GOF	inhibitor	Ivosidenib	[SEP]RESULTS : The percentage of cells positive for the IDH1-R132H mutation was found to be higher in patients with TAE compared to those without TAE ( median and interquartile range ( IQR ) 25.3 % [ 8.6-53.5 ] vs. 5.2 % [ 0.6-13.4 ] , p = 0.03 ) . 
IDH1	GOF	inhibitor	Ivosidenib	[SEP]SIGNIFICANCE : Increased expression of the IDH1-R132H mutation is associated with seizures in low grade gliomas and also with the protoplasmic subtype . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Glyburide	[SEP]AIMS/HYPOTHESIS : Heterozygous activating mutations in KCNJ11 , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the pancreatic ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , cause both permanent and transient neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Glyburide	[SEP]Because ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channels mediate glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta cells , we hypothesized that activating mutations in the gene encoding the Kir6.2 subunit of this channel ( KCNJ11 ) cause neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Glyburide	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene encoding Kir6.2 , the pore-forming subunit of the ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , are the most common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Glyburide	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the gene encoding for the ATP-sensitive potassium channel subunit Kir6.2 ( KCNJ11 ) have recently been shown to be a common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Glyburide	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the K ( ATP ) channel , have been identified as a cause of TNDM , the main cause of PNDM , and the cause of a new syndrome : developmental delay , epilepsy and neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Glyburide	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the KATP channels in the pancreatic beta-cells were found to be an important cause of PNDM . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Tolazamide	[SEP]AIMS/HYPOTHESIS : Heterozygous activating mutations in KCNJ11 , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the pancreatic ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , cause both permanent and transient neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Tolazamide	[SEP]Because ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channels mediate glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta cells , we hypothesized that activating mutations in the gene encoding the Kir6.2 subunit of this channel ( KCNJ11 ) cause neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Tolazamide	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene encoding Kir6.2 , the pore-forming subunit of the ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , are the most common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Tolazamide	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the gene encoding for the ATP-sensitive potassium channel subunit Kir6.2 ( KCNJ11 ) have recently been shown to be a common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Tolazamide	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the K ( ATP ) channel , have been identified as a cause of TNDM , the main cause of PNDM , and the cause of a new syndrome : developmental delay , epilepsy and neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	blocker	Tolazamide	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the KATP channels in the pancreatic beta-cells were found to be an important cause of PNDM . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Glimepiride	[SEP]AIMS/HYPOTHESIS : Heterozygous activating mutations in KCNJ11 , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the pancreatic ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , cause both permanent and transient neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Glimepiride	[SEP]Because ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channels mediate glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta cells , we hypothesized that activating mutations in the gene encoding the Kir6.2 subunit of this channel ( KCNJ11 ) cause neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Glimepiride	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene encoding Kir6.2 , the pore-forming subunit of the ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , are the most common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Glimepiride	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the gene encoding for the ATP-sensitive potassium channel subunit Kir6.2 ( KCNJ11 ) have recently been shown to be a common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Glimepiride	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the K ( ATP ) channel , have been identified as a cause of TNDM , the main cause of PNDM , and the cause of a new syndrome : developmental delay , epilepsy and neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Glimepiride	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the KATP channels in the pancreatic beta-cells were found to be an important cause of PNDM . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Ibutilide	[SEP]AIMS/HYPOTHESIS : Heterozygous activating mutations in KCNJ11 , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the pancreatic ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , cause both permanent and transient neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Ibutilide	[SEP]Because ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channels mediate glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta cells , we hypothesized that activating mutations in the gene encoding the Kir6.2 subunit of this channel ( KCNJ11 ) cause neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Ibutilide	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene encoding Kir6.2 , the pore-forming subunit of the ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , are the most common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Ibutilide	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the gene encoding for the ATP-sensitive potassium channel subunit Kir6.2 ( KCNJ11 ) have recently been shown to be a common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Ibutilide	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the K ( ATP ) channel , have been identified as a cause of TNDM , the main cause of PNDM , and the cause of a new syndrome : developmental delay , epilepsy and neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Ibutilide	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the KATP channels in the pancreatic beta-cells were found to be an important cause of PNDM . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Isavuconazole	[SEP]AIMS/HYPOTHESIS : Heterozygous activating mutations in KCNJ11 , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the pancreatic ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , cause both permanent and transient neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Isavuconazole	[SEP]Because ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channels mediate glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta cells , we hypothesized that activating mutations in the gene encoding the Kir6.2 subunit of this channel ( KCNJ11 ) cause neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Isavuconazole	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene encoding Kir6.2 , the pore-forming subunit of the ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , are the most common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Isavuconazole	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the gene encoding for the ATP-sensitive potassium channel subunit Kir6.2 ( KCNJ11 ) have recently been shown to be a common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Isavuconazole	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the K ( ATP ) channel , have been identified as a cause of TNDM , the main cause of PNDM , and the cause of a new syndrome : developmental delay , epilepsy and neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Isavuconazole	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the KATP channels in the pancreatic beta-cells were found to be an important cause of PNDM . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Thiamylal	[SEP]AIMS/HYPOTHESIS : Heterozygous activating mutations in KCNJ11 , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the pancreatic ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , cause both permanent and transient neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Thiamylal	[SEP]Because ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channels mediate glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta cells , we hypothesized that activating mutations in the gene encoding the Kir6.2 subunit of this channel ( KCNJ11 ) cause neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Thiamylal	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene encoding Kir6.2 , the pore-forming subunit of the ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , are the most common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Thiamylal	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the gene encoding for the ATP-sensitive potassium channel subunit Kir6.2 ( KCNJ11 ) have recently been shown to be a common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Thiamylal	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the K ( ATP ) channel , have been identified as a cause of TNDM , the main cause of PNDM , and the cause of a new syndrome : developmental delay , epilepsy and neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Thiamylal	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the KATP channels in the pancreatic beta-cells were found to be an important cause of PNDM . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Verapamil	[SEP]AIMS/HYPOTHESIS : Heterozygous activating mutations in KCNJ11 , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the pancreatic ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , cause both permanent and transient neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Verapamil	[SEP]Because ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channels mediate glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta cells , we hypothesized that activating mutations in the gene encoding the Kir6.2 subunit of this channel ( KCNJ11 ) cause neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Verapamil	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene encoding Kir6.2 , the pore-forming subunit of the ATP-sensitive potassium ( K ( ATP ) ) channel , are the most common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Verapamil	[SEP]Heterozygous activating mutations in the gene encoding for the ATP-sensitive potassium channel subunit Kir6.2 ( KCNJ11 ) have recently been shown to be a common cause of permanent neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Verapamil	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene , which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the K ( ATP ) channel , have been identified as a cause of TNDM , the main cause of PNDM , and the cause of a new syndrome : developmental delay , epilepsy and neonatal diabetes . 
KCNJ11	GOF	inhibitor	Verapamil	[SEP]Recently , activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene which encodes the Kir6.2 subunit of the KATP channels in the pancreatic beta-cells were found to be an important cause of PNDM . 
KCNJ11	LOF	inducer	Diazoxide	[SEP]Loss of function mutations in ABCC8/KCNJ11 lead to the most severe forms of CHI which are usually medically unresponsive . 
KCNJ11	LOF	inducer	Diazoxide	[SEP]Several studies have reported activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene , encoding the Kir6.2 subunit of the pancreatic KATP channel , in patients with permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus for 30-50 % of the cases .  These mutations result in reduced ATP sensitivity of the KATP channels compared with the wild types . 
KCNJ11	LOF	inducer	Diazoxide	[SEP]The focal form of FHI ( pancreatic adenomatous hyperplasia that involves a limited region of the pancreas ) , caused by biallelic mutations of ABCC8 or KCNJ11 , is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner , but only manifests when the mutation occurs on the paternally derived allele and a somatic event results in the loss of the maternal allele in a beta cell precursor . 
KCNJ11	LOF	inducer	Diazoxide	[SEP]The most severe forms of HH are due to loss of function mutations in ABCC8/KCNJ11 which encode the SUR1 and KIR6.2 components respectively of the pancreatic b-cell K ( ATP ) channel . 
KCNJ11	LOF	inducer	Levosimendan	[SEP]Loss of function mutations in ABCC8/KCNJ11 lead to the most severe forms of CHI which are usually medically unresponsive . 
KCNJ11	LOF	inducer	Levosimendan	[SEP]Several studies have reported activating mutations in the KCNJ11 gene , encoding the Kir6.2 subunit of the pancreatic KATP channel , in patients with permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus for 30-50 % of the cases .  These mutations result in reduced ATP sensitivity of the KATP channels compared with the wild types . 
KCNJ11	LOF	inducer	Levosimendan	[SEP]The focal form of FHI ( pancreatic adenomatous hyperplasia that involves a limited region of the pancreas ) , caused by biallelic mutations of ABCC8 or KCNJ11 , is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner , but only manifests when the mutation occurs on the paternally derived allele and a somatic event results in the loss of the maternal allele in a beta cell precursor . 
KCNJ11	LOF	inducer	Levosimendan	[SEP]The most severe forms of HH are due to loss of function mutations in ABCC8/KCNJ11 which encode the SUR1 and KIR6.2 components respectively of the pancreatic b-cell K ( ATP ) channel . 
MTOR	GOF	inhibitor	Everolimus	[SEP]This study provides , to our knowledge , the first evidence that brain somatic activating mutations in MTOR cause FCD and identifies mTOR as a treatment target for intractable epilepsy in FCD . 
MTOR	GOF	inhibitor	Everolimus	[SEP]This study provides the first evidence that brain somatic activating mutations in MTOR cause FCD , and suggests the potential drug target for intractable epilepsy in FCD patients . 
MTOR	GOF	inhibitor	Fostamatinib	[SEP]This study provides , to our knowledge , the first evidence that brain somatic activating mutations in MTOR cause FCD and identifies mTOR as a treatment target for intractable epilepsy in FCD . 
MTOR	GOF	inhibitor	Fostamatinib	[SEP]This study provides the first evidence that brain somatic activating mutations in MTOR cause FCD , and suggests the potential drug target for intractable epilepsy in FCD patients . 
MTOR	GOF	inhibitor	Sirolimus	[SEP]This study provides , to our knowledge , the first evidence that brain somatic activating mutations in MTOR cause FCD and identifies mTOR as a treatment target for intractable epilepsy in FCD . 
MTOR	GOF	inhibitor	Sirolimus	[SEP]This study provides the first evidence that brain somatic activating mutations in MTOR cause FCD , and suggests the potential drug target for intractable epilepsy in FCD patients . 
MTOR	GOF	inhibitor	Temsirolimus	[SEP]This study provides , to our knowledge , the first evidence that brain somatic activating mutations in MTOR cause FCD and identifies mTOR as a treatment target for intractable epilepsy in FCD . 
MTOR	GOF	inhibitor	Temsirolimus	[SEP]This study provides the first evidence that brain somatic activating mutations in MTOR cause FCD , and suggests the potential drug target for intractable epilepsy in FCD patients . 
PIK3CA	GOF	inhibitor	Caffeine	[SEP]We identified mosaic activating mutations in PIK3CA and AKT3 in this cohort , including cancer-associated hotspot PIK3CA mutations in dysplastic megalencephaly , hemimegalencephaly , and focal cortical dysplasia type IIa . 
PIK3CA	GOF	inhibitor	Copanlisib	[SEP]We identified mosaic activating mutations in PIK3CA and AKT3 in this cohort , including cancer-associated hotspot PIK3CA mutations in dysplastic megalencephaly , hemimegalencephaly , and focal cortical dysplasia type IIa . 
PROS1	LOF	activator	Menadione	[SEP]Vitamin K deficiency-related bleeding or hemophiliac diseases were excluded ; however , homozygous protein S deficiency with a new mutation in the protein S ( PROS1 ) gene ( c.701A > G , p.Tyr234Cys ) was found . 
PROS1	LOF	agonist	Kappadione	[SEP]Vitamin K deficiency-related bleeding or hemophiliac diseases were excluded ; however , homozygous protein S deficiency with a new mutation in the protein S ( PROS1 ) gene ( c.701A > G , p.Tyr234Cys ) was found . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Dronedarone	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : The greater frequency of paternally derived mutations in SCN1A is likely to be due to the greater chance of mutational events during the increased number of mitoses which occur during spermatogenesis compared to oogenesis , and the greater susceptibility to mutagenesis of the methylated DNA characteristic of sperm cells . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Dronedarone	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Dronedarone	[SEP]We recently demonstrated that Drosophila knock-in flies carrying the K1270T SCN1A mutation known to cause a form of genetic epilepsy with febrile seizures plus ( GEFS+ ) exhibit a heat-induced increase in sodium current activity and seizure phenotype . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Permethrin	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : The greater frequency of paternally derived mutations in SCN1A is likely to be due to the greater chance of mutational events during the increased number of mitoses which occur during spermatogenesis compared to oogenesis , and the greater susceptibility to mutagenesis of the methylated DNA characteristic of sperm cells . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Permethrin	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Permethrin	[SEP]We recently demonstrated that Drosophila knock-in flies carrying the K1270T SCN1A mutation known to cause a form of genetic epilepsy with febrile seizures plus ( GEFS+ ) exhibit a heat-induced increase in sodium current activity and seizure phenotype . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenacemide	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : The greater frequency of paternally derived mutations in SCN1A is likely to be due to the greater chance of mutational events during the increased number of mitoses which occur during spermatogenesis compared to oogenesis , and the greater susceptibility to mutagenesis of the methylated DNA characteristic of sperm cells . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenacemide	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenacemide	[SEP]We recently demonstrated that Drosophila knock-in flies carrying the K1270T SCN1A mutation known to cause a form of genetic epilepsy with febrile seizures plus ( GEFS+ ) exhibit a heat-induced increase in sodium current activity and seizure phenotype . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenazopyridine	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : The greater frequency of paternally derived mutations in SCN1A is likely to be due to the greater chance of mutational events during the increased number of mitoses which occur during spermatogenesis compared to oogenesis , and the greater susceptibility to mutagenesis of the methylated DNA characteristic of sperm cells . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenazopyridine	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenazopyridine	[SEP]We recently demonstrated that Drosophila knock-in flies carrying the K1270T SCN1A mutation known to cause a form of genetic epilepsy with febrile seizures plus ( GEFS+ ) exhibit a heat-induced increase in sodium current activity and seizure phenotype . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenytoin	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : The greater frequency of paternally derived mutations in SCN1A is likely to be due to the greater chance of mutational events during the increased number of mitoses which occur during spermatogenesis compared to oogenesis , and the greater susceptibility to mutagenesis of the methylated DNA characteristic of sperm cells . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenytoin	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenytoin	[SEP]We recently demonstrated that Drosophila knock-in flies carrying the K1270T SCN1A mutation known to cause a form of genetic epilepsy with febrile seizures plus ( GEFS+ ) exhibit a heat-induced increase in sodium current activity and seizure phenotype . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Topiramate	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : The greater frequency of paternally derived mutations in SCN1A is likely to be due to the greater chance of mutational events during the increased number of mitoses which occur during spermatogenesis compared to oogenesis , and the greater susceptibility to mutagenesis of the methylated DNA characteristic of sperm cells . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Topiramate	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Topiramate	[SEP]We recently demonstrated that Drosophila knock-in flies carrying the K1270T SCN1A mutation known to cause a form of genetic epilepsy with febrile seizures plus ( GEFS+ ) exhibit a heat-induced increase in sodium current activity and seizure phenotype . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Zonisamide	[SEP]CONCLUSIONS : The greater frequency of paternally derived mutations in SCN1A is likely to be due to the greater chance of mutational events during the increased number of mitoses which occur during spermatogenesis compared to oogenesis , and the greater susceptibility to mutagenesis of the methylated DNA characteristic of sperm cells . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Zonisamide	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN1A	GOF	inhibitor	Zonisamide	[SEP]We recently demonstrated that Drosophila knock-in flies carrying the K1270T SCN1A mutation known to cause a form of genetic epilepsy with febrile seizures plus ( GEFS+ ) exhibit a heat-induced increase in sodium current activity and seizure phenotype . 
SCN2A	GOF	inhibitor	Lamotrigine	[SEP]The patient carries a de novo missense mutation ( p.Ala263Val ) in SCN2A , which leads to a pronounced gain-of-function , in particular an increased persistent Na ( + ) current . 
SCN2A	GOF	inhibitor	Metergoline	[SEP]The patient carries a de novo missense mutation ( p.Ala263Val ) in SCN2A , which leads to a pronounced gain-of-function , in particular an increased persistent Na ( + ) current . 
SCN2A	GOF	inhibitor	Propofol	[SEP]The patient carries a de novo missense mutation ( p.Ala263Val ) in SCN2A , which leads to a pronounced gain-of-function , in particular an increased persistent Na ( + ) current . 
SCN2A	GOF	inhibitor	Zonisamide	[SEP]The patient carries a de novo missense mutation ( p.Ala263Val ) in SCN2A , which leads to a pronounced gain-of-function , in particular an increased persistent Na ( + ) current . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Aprindine	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Encainide	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Fosphenytoin	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Indecainide	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Phenytoin	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Procainamide	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Propafenone	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Riluzole	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Tocainide	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SCN5A	GOF	inhibitor	Zonisamide	[SEP]Functional analysis of this mutation in the backbone of the closely related gene SCN5A demonstrated an increase in persistent current that is similar in magnitude to epileptogenic mutations of SCN1A and SCN2A . 
SV2A	LOF	agonist	Levetiracetam	[SEP]Neurochemical studies revealed that the Sv2a ( L174Q ) mutation specifically reduced depolarization-induced GABA , but not glutamate , release in the hippocampus without affecting basal release or the SV2A expression level in GABAergic neurons . 
SV2A	LOF	agonist	Levetiracetam	[SEP]The present results demonstrate that dysfunction of SV2A due to the Sv2a ( L174Q ) mutation impairs the synaptic GABA release by reducing the Syt1 level and facilitates the kindling development , illustrating the crucial role of SV2A-GABA system in modulating kindling epileptogenesis . 
